All right, I'm here with Brandy and we're about to get started with the first lesson,
where we talked about the fundamentals of the blockchain.
So Brandy, I was wondering why is it important
that we understand the fundamentals of blockchain?
Is super important, Joe,
because it's new technology, right?
It's something that we're learning to work with now,
and there's so many advancements going on in the blockchain space
that each of these investments are coming
with rules and regulations like with the protocol.
So we need to explore the fundamentals of
blockchain to understand the protocol and ways that we can work with it.
So in the first project will be establishing are blockchain identity.
Now, I was wondering how this lesson relates to making that happen?
Well, we know that we need to learn the fundamentals because
this new technology we kind of touched base
on the need to understand the protocol, right?
And blockchain identity is really about setting up your identity on blockchain.
So you can start manipulating and working with services as you create your application.
So, that's why it's the very first project because we
need establish our identity for bockchain services.
Great, thanks Brandy. So throughout the lesson,
we're going to get started with the fundamentals of
the blockchain and we hope you're ready to get started.